Lu Yao has good news for you
Through blankets and other supplies
I have taken Anna's country.
40% of the foreign trade market
Great, ma'am
There's something Lu Yao hasn't told you
In fact, I am quite envious of Tianjiao
Don't say it, sister, I understand
before
You've been busy taking care of the family
From now on
Just let me take care of you
Lu Yao
Huayue Group has become a full
The first entertainment company in the world
God, I can't count it all.
And Huayue Technology
Penguin and Abba are on the rise.
Very successful
It's up to you to run the grid
But
One more question.
Popularity is right and wrong
Now there are some inaccuracies about me being spread outside.
I don't know what to say.
Don't worry, I have a solution.
Is the toothpick ready?
Everything is ready
What to prepare
The best way to cover up a scandal
That is to resist with new news
The next step in our plan is to make a play
Ah, Lu Yao, you are too smart.
I want to be the first woman
I want to be a female too
How are you
Ah, you two too
Hey, I want to be a female too
All right, all right, all of you.
Really? What's it called?
The name is Return to 1998 and make a comeback